README.md, before:

# DackieSwap Proposal (DSP)

| ID                      | Proposal                                                   | Submitter   | Status   | Snapshot URL                                                                                                          | Date                     |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|   
| [DSP1.0](DSP/DSP1.0.md) | Proposal for Launching the DackieSwap DAO                  | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0xfa7b44470c0032ab84af6e1fab5b11b7c2a229ba1bf80d4d5f693c9b9998a64d) | 2024/08/04 - 2024/08/07  |            
| [DSP1.1](DSP/DSP1.1.md) | Proposal for launching Yield Farming X Layer               | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0xd74b581a23ef73387f2b5056292f4d251d887d01ec8e2801de1a8401389960cf) | 2024/08/08 - 2024/08/09  |
| [DSP1.2](DSP/DSP1.2.md) | Proposal for QUACK token emission rate on Base from August | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0x53b3d6370579b5ad4e2a05608903a6974d6e35df5ccde93580c9e133c1c4dbb3) | 2024/08/08 - 2024/08/09  |

Commit message:

[DSP1.3][Draft]Proposal for Onboarding Viction and enable Yield Farming

README.md, after:

# DackieSwap Proposal (DSP)

| ID                      | Proposal                                                   | Submitter   | Status   | Snapshot URL                                                                                                          | Date                    |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|   
| [DSP1.0](DSP/DSP1.0.md) | Proposal for Launching the DackieSwap DAO                  | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0xfa7b44470c0032ab84af6e1fab5b11b7c2a229ba1bf80d4d5f693c9b9998a64d) | 2024/08/04 - 2024/08/07 |            
| [DSP1.1](DSP/DSP1.1.md) | Proposal for launching Yield Farming X Layer               | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0xd74b581a23ef73387f2b5056292f4d251d887d01ec8e2801de1a8401389960cf) | 2024/08/08 - 2024/08/09 |
| [DSP1.2](DSP/DSP1.2.md) | Proposal for QUACK token emission rate on Base from August | Dackie Team | `Passed` | [LINK](https://snapshot.org/#/dackie.eth/proposal/0x53b3d6370579b5ad4e2a05608903a6974d6e35df5ccde93580c9e133c1c4dbb3) | 2024/08/08 - 2024/08/09 |
| [DSP1.3](DSP/DSP1.3.md) | Proposal for Onboarding Viction and enable Yield Farming   | Dackie Team | `Draft`  | T.B.D                                                                                                                 | 2024/08/11 - 2024/08/14 |
